# wpm

## Overview

`wpm` is a simple user process manager for Microsoft Windows 11 and above.

`wpm` allows you to start, stop and manage user-level background processes as
defined in unit files. Unit files allow you to codify availability and
dependency relationships between other processes, and allow you to configure
process healthchecks with custom retry and back-off strategies.

`wpm` allows you to pin executables in your unit files to specific versions via
remote package manifests, and provides a comprehensive collection of lifecycle
hooks to customize behaviour on process start and shutdown.

## Community

There is a [Discord server](https://discord.gg/mGkn66PHkx) available for
`wpm`-related discussion, help, troubleshooting etc.

There is a [YouTube
channel](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCeai3-do-9O4MNy9_xjO6mg) where I post
`wpm` development videos, feature previews and release overviews. Subscribing
to the channel (which is monetized as part of the YouTube Partner Program) and
watching videos is a really simple and passive way to contribute financially to
the development and maintenance of `wpm`.

## Licensing for Personal Use

`wpm` is licensed under the [Komorebi 2.0.0
license](https://github.com/LGUG2Z/komorebi-license), which is a fork of the
[PolyForm Strict 1.0.0
license](https://polyformproject.org/licenses/strict/1.0.0). On a high level
this means that you are free to do whatever you want with `wpm` for personal
use other than redistribution, or distribution of new works (i.e. hard-forks)
based on the software.

Anyone is free to make their own fork of `wpm` with changes intended either for
personal use or for integration back upstream via pull requests.

The [Komorebi 2.0.0 License](https://github.com/LGUG2Z/komorebi-license) does
not permit any kind of commercial use ( i.e. using `wpm` at work).

## Sponsorship for Personal Use

`wpm` is a free and educational source project, and one that encourages you
to make charitable donations if you find the software to be useful and have the
financial means.

I encourage you to make a charitable donation to the [Palestine Children's
Relief Fund](https://pcrf1.app.neoncrm.com/forms/gaza-recovery) or to contribute
to a [Gaza Funds campaign](https://gazafunds.com) before you consider sponsoring
me on GitHub.

[GitHub Sponsors is enabled for this
project](https://github.com/sponsors/LGUG2Z). Sponsors can claim custom roles on
the Discord server, get shout-outs at the end of _wpm_-related videos on
YouTube, and gain the ability to submit feature requests on the issue tracker.

If you would like to tip or sponsor the project but are unable to use GitHub
Sponsors, you may also sponsor through [Ko-fi](https://ko-fi.com/lgug2z), or
make an anonymous Bitcoin donation to `bc1qv73wzspc77k46uty4vp85x8sdp24mphvm58f6q`.

## Licensing for Commercial Use

A dedicated Individual Commercial Use License is available for those who want to
use `wpm` at work.

The Individual Commerical Use License adds “Commercial Use” as a “Permitted Use”
for the licensed individual only, for the duration of a valid paid license
subscription only. All provisions and restrictions enumerated in the [Komorebi
License](https://github.com/LGUG2Z/komorebi-license) continue to apply.

More information, pricing and purchase links for Individual Commercial Use
Licenses [can be found here](https://lgug2z.com/software/wpm).
